ADRENAL SUPPORT
Benefits: The Adrenal Glands control regulation of most hormones. This formulation supports the endocrine system and helps to regulate metabolism. This complex of vitamins and herbs may help to alleviate signs of Adrenal Fatigue.
System supported: Endocrine, Metabolism
Active ingredients: Vitamin C (from Camu Camu Berry) 20mg, Pantothenic Acid (as Calcium Pantothena-te) 50mg, Adrenal (of bonine source, not an extract) 250mg, Licorice (root) 50mg, Ginger (rhizome) 25mg, Kelp (entire plant) 25mg, Rhodiola 20 mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3 x daily
Similar to: Adrena Plus

BETA MAX
Benefits: This formulation helps to support the liver, gallbladder, and pancreas. Calcium and Phosphorus are used to help regulate multiple hepatic functions such as lipid and carbohydrate metabolism and proper liver functions.
System supported: Liver, Gallbladder, Pancreas
Active ingredients: Calcium (as dicalcium phosphate) 220 mg, Niacin (as niacinamide) 10mg, Phosphorus (as dicalcium phosphate) 164 mg, Choline Bitartrate 1664 mg, Inositol 160 mg, Betaine HCl 76 mg, Lecithin (soy) 76mg, Artichoke 50 mg, Dandelion (herb) 50 mg, Milk Thistle (seed) 50 mg, Turmeric (root) 50 mg, DL-Methionine 30 mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3 x daily

C BOOST
Benefits: This blend contains vitamin C and bioflavonoids. Bioflavonoids may enhance theaction and absorp-tion of vitamin C. This combination is used for its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Camu Camu is added to help the body fight against viral infections.
System supported: Immune system
Active ingredients: Vitamin C (as Ascorbic Acid) 80 mg, Citrus bioflavonoid Complex 1100 mg, Camu Camu Berry extract 500 mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3 x daily
Similar to: Alpha Flavin

CHAGA MIX
Benefits: Chaga mushrooms may be beneficial for lowering cholesterol levels, slowing cancer growth, supporting immune function, and reducing blood pressure.
System supported: Immune system
Active ingredients: Chaga mushroom 3600 mg
Suggested dosage: 1 daily
 

ENDOCRINE SUPPORT
Benefits: This blend supports the endocrine system by combining pantothenic acid, manganese, and adre-nal and pituitary sources. This combination helps your body to utilize vitamins, improve energy production and ensure proper liver function. Pantothenic acid supports
the health and function of adrenal glands.
System Supported: Endocrine
Active Ingredients: Pantothenic Acid (as Ca Pantothenate) 4.5 mg, Zinc (as Amino Acid Chelate) 5.3 mg, Manganese (as Sulfate) 1.8 mg, Ovary & Adrenal Of a bovine source-not an extract, Goldenseal (leaf), Kelp (entire plant), Pituitary**, Hypothalamus**, Dulse, Yarrow Flower.
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Endo Glan Plus

HEART SUPPORT
Benefits: This blend was formed to support the heart function. By combining magnesium, l-carnitine and l-taurine, this blend encourages massive heart support by aiding in blood pressure, nervous system, heart failure, oxidative stress, and myocardial contractions.
System Supported: Heart
Active Ingredients: Magnesium (from Magnesium Amino Acid Chelate) 126mg, Heart (of bovine source, not an extract) and Inulin, (from Chicory); L-Carnitine 175mg,, L-Taurine 87mg, Coenzyme Q10 21mg, Sumac 70 mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Cardi Plus

HISTAMINE SUPPORT
Benefits: This blend is important for the immune system when compromised by environmental or intrinsic factors. By combining calcium, iron, and vitamin Vitamin B12 Methycobalmin, they each help to stabilize the mast cell membranes, reduce erythema caused by a histamine reaction and assists in the releasing of the histamine reactions to support this function.
System Supported: Immune, Histadine control
Active Ingredients: Calcium (as dicalcium phosphate) 38mg, Iron (as Ferrous Fumarate) 1.95mg, Vita-min Vitamin B12 Methycobalmin (as cyanocobalamin) 10mcg, Phosphorus (as dicalcium phosphate) 29mg, Chromium (as polynicotinate) 1 mcg, Liver (of bovine source, not an extract) 80mg, Bovine liver fat extract 40 mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Hista Plus
IMMUNE-C
Benefits: This powerful formulation contains Graviola, vitamin C, Camu Camu berry, and Cats Claw. All these immune boosting ingredients are combined to offer great support to the immune system.
System Supported: Immune
Active Ingredients: Vitamin C (from Camu Camu) 8.4 mg, Soursop (leaf) (Graviola) 70 mg, Cats Claw (bark) 70 mg, Dragon’s Blood Croton (sap) 70 mg, Astragalus (root) 70 mg, Camu Camu (berry) 70 mg Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Immu-C

KIDNEY AND BLADDER SUPPORT
Benefits: The ingredients in this blend are designed for Kidney and Bladder support. Benefits may include improved function in blood pressure and blood sugar; along with goldenrod to help flush kidney stones out and stop inflammatory diseases of the urinary tract.
System Supported: Kidneys, Bladder
Active Ingredients: Raw Kidney concentrate, Raw Liver Concentrate of a bovine source, not an extract, Uva-Ursi (leaf), Echinacea purpurea (root), Goldenrod (aerial parts) (Solidago), Disodium Phosphate, and Juniper (berry); Dicalcium phosphate
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Rena Plus
 

LIGAMENT SUPPORT
Benefits: This formula will help support muscles and connective tissue. By combining l-lysine, boron, and bromelain, this blend is ideal to help improve stiffness, inflammation, arthritis, joint support, and soreness. System Supported: Muscles, Connective Tissues
Active Ingredients: Calcium (as Lactate, Dicalcium Phosphate) 4mg, Phosphorus (as Dicalcium
Phosphate) 29mg, Magnesium (as Citrate) 2mg, Manganese (as Sulfate) 11mg, Citrus Bioflavonoids 50mg, Pancreatin (8X) 12mg, L-Lysine 5mg, Ox Bile 5mg, Spleen (Bovine)* 5mg, Thymus (Bovine)*5mg, Betaine HCI 2mg, Boron (as Amino Acid Chelate) 100mcg, Bromelain 600 GDU/mg 0.3mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Liga Plus

LIVER SUPPORT
Benefits: Liver support is for individuals experiencing symptoms of decreased liver functions. Vitamin A, Dandelion, and Choline Bitartrate, have been seen to reduce fatty necrosis of the liver, reduce stress on the liver, support production of bile, and improve epigenetic regulation of gene expression which are all crucial to liver development and function.
System Supported: Liver
Active Ingredients: Vitamin A (100% as Beta-Carotene) 1,000 IU, Liver (of a bovine source, not an extract) 350mg, Dandelion (root) 50mg, Oregon Grape (root) 50mg, Barberry (root) 50mg, Choline Bitartrate 10mg, Inositol 10mg, Betaine HCl 10mg, Disodium Phosphate, Calcium
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Hepachol
LUNG SUPPORT
Benefits: This formula is designed to support the lungs and immune system. When experiencing blockage or impairment in the lungs, this combination of vitamins and antioxidants are used to support Lungs, Lymph nodes and Thymus.
System Supported: Lungs, Immune
Active Ingredients: Vitamin A (as palmitate) 8,000 IU, Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid) 16 mg, Vitamin B (as Calcium Pantothenate) 15 mg, Lung 75 mg, Adrenal 55 mg, Lymph30 mg of bovine source, not from an extract, Eucalyptus 30 mg, Thymus** 20 mg, Psyllium husk 1 mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Pneumo Plus

MG / K (3.9X)
Benefits: This potent formula is a concentrated blend of seven distinct forms of magnesium, each meticu-lously chosen for their unique befits and unparalleled utilization by the body. MAG7® is ingeniously bound in potassium, a vital mineral that provides enhanced and balanced support for your cells, promoting overall cellular health.
System Supported: Autonomic Nervous System, Adrenal Glands, Muscles, Blood Sugar, Bone and DNA Active Ingredients: Magnesium 500mg (from Magnesium Aspartate, Taurate, Orotate, Glycinate,Malate, Chelate, Citrate), Potassium 39 mg (from Potassium Aspartate Complex), Colostrum40 mg
Suggested dosage: 2 capsules daily
Similar to: MG/K ASPARTATE

MOLD RX
Benefits: This formulation is used for detoxification of different molds. Oregano, Chaga, Sage and other ingredients are combined to produce a powerful antifungal, antibacterial and anti-inflammatory effect against mold influence.
System Supported: Detox - Mold
Active Ingredients: Wild oregano extract 200mg, Pau D’Arco (bark) 100 mg, Chaga Mushroom 75mg, Sage Leaf 50mg, Mullein Leaf 50 mg, Stinging Nettle 50mg, Oxbile 25 mg, Fulvic/Humic 35 mg Suggested dosage: 1-3 x daily
Similar to: Mold X
 

OVARY UTERUS SUPPORT
Benefits: This blend supports the female reproductive system. Blue cohosh, zinc and phosphorus help to regulate women’s cycles and alleviate muscle spasms and may reduce risk for certain cancers
System Supported: Female Reproductive System
Active Ingredients: Calcium (as Dicalcium Phosphate) 26mg, Phosphorus (as Dicalcium Phosphate) 21mg, Zinc (as Citrate) 5mg, Ovary (Bovine) 100mg*, Uterus (Bovine) 100mg*, Blue Cohosh Root 1mg Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Ovary Uterus Plus


PARA X
Benefits: This formulation is intended to eliminate parasites from the body through detox. Ingredients like black walnut and wormwood are used to treat parasitic worm infections naturally.
Active Ingredients: Black Walnut (hull) 100mg, Pumpkin Powder (seed) 100mg, Wormwood Powder (ae-rial parts) 100mg, Hyssop Powder (aerial parts) 50mg, Thyme (leaf) 50mg, Pancreatin 31mg, L-Lysine 25mg, Ox Bile 25mg, Pepsin 17mg, Cellulase 2mg, Bromelain 84 MCU, Neem leaf powder 50 mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Para Plus


PROSTATE SUPPORT
Benefits: This formulation is beneficial to the prostate and male reproductive systems. With ingredients like chaga, boron, and betaine, it encourages anti-inflammation and proper function.
System Supported: Prostate
Active Ingredients: Magnesium (as Citrate) 3mg, Zinc (as Amino Acid Chelate) 15mg, Molybdenum (as Amino Acid Chelate) 50 mcg, Potassium (as Aspartate) 4mg, Boron (as Amino Acid Chelate) 250 mcg, Pros-tate (Bovine) 90 mg*, Juniper Berry 50mg, Chaga Mushroom 20mg, Betaine HCI 5mg, Saw Palmetto Berry 15mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Prosta Plus


SPLEEN SUPPORT
Benefits: This formulation is beneficial for liver, kidney, and spleen issues. By using dandelion and nettle, this blend helps the endocrine system including the spleen.
System Supported: Lymphatic, Blood
Active Ingredients: Vitamin E (as dl-alpha Tocopheryl Acetate) 75 IU, Bovine Spleen Concentrate 250mcg, Dandelion (aerial parts) 75mg, Nettle (root) 75mg”
Suggested dosage: 1x daily
Similar to: Alpha E Spleen

THYROID SUPPORT
Benefits: When thyroid support is abnormal, the body will call for Thyroid Support. By combining iodine and certain concentrates, they provide the necessary nutrients for proper thyroid function.
System Supported: Thyroid, Adrenal Glands
Active Ingredients: Iodine (from Kelp) 900mcg, Raw Bovine Thyroid Concentrate (Thyroxine free) 60mg, Porcine Adrenal Concentrate 30mg, Raw Bovine Pituitary Concentrate 10mg, Raw Porcine Spleen Concen-trate 10mg, Kelp 180mg
Suggested dosage: 1-3x daily
Similar to: Thyro Plus
